[7.13.x-blue] [KIECLOUD-647] Remove OpenShift templates from rhpam-7-openshift-image (#629)
jboss-container-images/rhpam-7-openshift-image: quickstarts/hello-rules/README.md

## IBM Business Automation Manager Open Editions KIE Server decisions Quickstart

> Note that, this is the development branch, the target images might not be available here, instead you can look at the [released branch](https://github.com/jboss-container-images/rhpam-7-openshift-image/tree/7.13.x/quickstarts/hello-rules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, this is the development branch, the target images might not be available here, instead you can look at the [released branch](https://github.com/jboss-container-images/rhpam-7-openshift-image/tree/7.13.x-blue/quickstarts/hello-rules)
```

Create a new project, i.e.:

```bash
$ oc new-project ibm-bamoe
Now using project "ibm-bamoe" on server "https://ocp-main.mycloud.com:8443".
```

Note that, to pull the images the OpenShift must be able to pull images from registry.redhat.io, for more information
please take a look [here](https://access.redhat.com/RegistryAuthentication)

To create the IBM BAMOE environment  on your OpenShift instance you need to install Business Automation Operator.

> For instructions about installing Business Automation Operator, see [the product documentation](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.8/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con#operator-subscribe-proc) step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions about installing Business Automation Operator, see [the product documentation](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.13/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con#operator-subscribe-proc) step.
```

> Then access the wizard installer, instructions available [here](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.8/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con#operator-deploy-start-proc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then access the wizard installer, instructions available [here](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.13/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con#operator-deploy-start-proc)
```

Before proceed, clone this repository.
Follow the steps described before to:

>  - install the KieApp using the *Enable JMS Integration* setting as described in the  Business Automation Operator documentation [here](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.8/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con) at step 12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - install the KieApp using the *Enable JMS Integration* setting as described in the  Business Automation Operator documentation [here](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.13/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con) at step 12.
```

> After properly configuring the Active-MQ pre requisites, you have to wait that your KieApp will be ready and running before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After properly configuring the Active-MQ pre requisites, you have to wait the KieApp gets ready before continuing.
```
